.TH nerualnet 1 "Release 2 X Version 0"
.SH NAME
.B neuralnet
\ - graphical neural network application
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Neuralnet
is a graphical user interface to the designing, training,
.br
and evaluating of neural networks using the backpropagation
.br
training algorithm.
Simple sample network, pattern, and weights files 
.br
are included.  
.br
No explanation of the file formats are included except the pattern
.br
files, which are explained in the help file supplied with the program.
.br
The point being that the program takes care of the generation of the
.br
other two files, network and weights, for the user.  The pattern files
.br
must be created by the user.  All file formats are in text (ASCII).

.PP

.SH COPYRIGHT
System Information:
.br
.I NeuralNet
\is written in X Windows Version 11 Release 4 and uses
.br
the Motif widget set version 1.1.3.
.br

Acknowledgements:
.br
Thanks to Dr. John C. Sutton, III, for funding this program and making
.br
it available to the world.
.br
Copyright Information:
.br
Copyright 1992, 1993 by Eugene W. Hodges, IV
.br
All Rights Reserved
.br
Permission to use, copy, and distribute this software and text for
.br
non-commercial purposes and without fee is hereby granted, provided 
.br
that this notice appears in all copies.
.br
The author disclaims all warranties with regard to the software or 
.br
text including all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness.
.br
In no event shall the author or NCSU be liable for any special,
.br
indirect or cosequential damages or any damages whatsoever 
.br
resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an 
.br
action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, 
.br
arising out of or in connection with the use or performance 
.br
of this software or text.
.br
